edu/stanford/nlp/util/logging/LogFilter.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.logging.LogFilter
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.logging.LogFilter$ContainsMessage
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.logging.LogFilter$HasChannel
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.logging.LogFilter$MatchesMessage
edu/stanford/nlp/optimization/Evaluator.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.optimization.Evaluator
edu/stanford/nlp/optimization/SGDMinimizer.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.optimization.SGDMinimizer
edu/stanford/nlp/pipeline/package-info.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.package-info
edu/stanford/nlp/util/FileProcessor.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.FileProcessor
edu/stanford/nlp/pipeline/TaggedTextOutputter.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.TaggedTextOutputter
edu/stanford/nlp/util/concurrent/SynchronizedInterner.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.concurrent.SynchronizedInterner
edu/stanford/nlp/tagger/maxent/HistoryTable.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.tagger.maxent.HistoryTable
edu/stanford/nlp/tagger/maxent/TagCount.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.tagger.maxent.TagCount
edu/stanford/nlp/optimization/Minimizer.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.optimization.Minimizer
edu/stanford/nlp/util/IntervalTree.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.IntervalTree
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.IntervalTree$ContainsIntervalFunction
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.IntervalTree$ContainsValueFunction
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.IntervalTree$PartialScoredList
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.IntervalTree$TreeNode
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.IntervalTree$TreeNodeIterator
edu/stanford/nlp/maxent/DataGeneric.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.maxent.DataGeneric
edu/stanford/nlp/util/concurrent/package-info.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.concurrent.package-info
edu/stanford/nlp/pipeline/InlineXMLOutputter.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.InlineXMLOutputter
edu/stanford/nlp/objectbank/package-info.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.objectbank.package-info
edu/stanford/nlp/optimization/HasInitial.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.optimization.HasInitial
edu/stanford/nlp/tagger/maxent/Dictionary.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.tagger.maxent.Dictionary
edu/stanford/nlp/tagger/maxent/AmbiguityClasses.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.tagger.maxent.AmbiguityClasses
edu/stanford/nlp/optimization/AbstractCachingDiffFloatFunction.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.optimization.AbstractCachingDiffFloatFunction
edu/stanford/nlp/sequences/CoolingSchedule.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.sequences.CoolingSchedule
 edu.stanford.nlp.sequences.CoolingSchedule$1
 edu.stanford.nlp.sequences.CoolingSchedule$2
edu/stanford/nlp/stats/TwoDimensionalCounterInterface.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.stats.TwoDimensionalCounterInterface
edu/stanford/nlp/optimization/SparseAdaGradMinimizer.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.optimization.SparseAdaGradMinimizer
edu/stanford/nlp/util/DeltaCollectionValuedMap.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.DeltaCollectionValuedMap
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.DeltaCollectionValuedMap$1
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.DeltaCollectionValuedMap$SimpleEntry
edu/stanford/nlp/stats/Distributions.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.stats.Distributions
edu/stanford/nlp/util/BijectiveFunction.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.BijectiveFunction
edu/stanford/nlp/sequences/SequenceModel.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.sequences.SequenceModel
edu/stanford/nlp/maxent/package-info.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.maxent.package-info
edu/stanford/nlp/util/HasInterval.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.HasInterval
edu/stanford/nlp/pipeline/AnnotationOutputter.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.AnnotationOutputter
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.AnnotationOutputter$Options
edu/stanford/nlp/io/NumberRangeFileFilter.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.io.NumberRangeFileFilter
edu/stanford/nlp/util/Quintuple.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.Quintuple
edu/stanford/nlp/optimization/SGDWithAdaGradAndFOBOS.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.optimization.SGDWithAdaGradAndFOBOS
 edu.stanford.nlp.optimization.SGDWithAdaGradAndFOBOS$Prior
edu/stanford/nlp/international/spanish/process/AnCoraPronounDisambiguator.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.international.spanish.process.AnCoraPronounDisambiguator
 edu.stanford.nlp.international.spanish.process.AnCoraPronounDisambiguator$PersonalPronounType
edu/stanford/nlp/pipeline/Annotation.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.Annotation
edu/stanford/nlp/ling/tokensregex/NodePattern.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.NodePattern
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.NodePattern$AnyNodePattern
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.NodePattern$ConjNodePattern
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.NodePattern$DisjNodePattern
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.NodePattern$EqualsNodePattern
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.NodePattern$NegateNodePattern
edu/stanford/nlp/io/ui/OpenPageDialog.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.io.ui.OpenPageDialog
 edu.stanford.nlp.io.ui.OpenPageDialog$1
 edu.stanford.nlp.io.ui.OpenPageDialog$2
 edu.stanford.nlp.io.ui.OpenPageDialog$3
edu/stanford/nlp/stats/DataSeries.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.stats.DataSeries
 edu.stanford.nlp.stats.DataSeries$AbstractDataSeries
 edu.stanford.nlp.stats.DataSeries$ArrayDataSeries
 edu.stanford.nlp.stats.DataSeries$AverageDataSeries
 edu.stanford.nlp.stats.DataSeries$FunctionDataSeries
 edu.stanford.nlp.stats.DataSeries$ListDataSeries
edu/stanford/nlp/ling/tokensregex/matcher/ExactMatchCost.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.matcher.ExactMatchCost
edu/stanford/nlp/process/WhitespaceTokenizer.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.process.WhitespaceTokenizer
 edu.stanford.nlp.process.WhitespaceTokenizer$WhitespaceTokenizerFactory
edu/stanford/nlp/ling/HasLemma.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.HasLemma
edu/stanford/nlp/ling/tokensregex/SequencePattern.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.SequencePattern
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.SequencePattern$1
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.SequencePattern$AndPatternExpr
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.SequencePattern$BackRefPatternExpr
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.SequencePattern$BackRefState
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.SequencePattern$ConjEndState
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.SequencePattern$ConjMatchStateInfo
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.SequencePattern$ConjStartState
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.SequencePattern$Frag
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.SequencePattern$GroupEndState
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.SequencePattern$GroupPatternExpr
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.SequencePattern$GroupStartState
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.SequencePattern$MatchState
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.SequencePattern$MultiNodePatternExpr
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.SequencePattern$MultiNodePatternState
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.SequencePattern$NodePatternExpr
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.SequencePattern$NodePatternState
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.SequencePattern$NodesMatchChecker
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.SequencePattern$OrPatternExpr
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.SequencePattern$Parser
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.SequencePattern$PatternExpr
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.SequencePattern$RepeatPatternExpr
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.SequencePattern$RepeatState
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.SequencePattern$SeqEndState
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.SequencePattern$SeqStartState
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.SequencePattern$SequenceEndPatternExpr
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.SequencePattern$SequencePatternExpr
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.SequencePattern$SequenceStartPatternExpr
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.SequencePattern$SpecialNodePatternExpr
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.SequencePattern$State
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.SequencePattern$ValuePatternExpr
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.SequencePattern$ValueState
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.SequencePattern$VarGroupBindings
edu/stanford/nlp/sequences/PlainTextDocumentReaderAndWriter.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.sequences.PlainTextDocumentReaderAndWriter
 edu.stanford.nlp.sequences.PlainTextDocumentReaderAndWriter$1
 edu.stanford.nlp.sequences.PlainTextDocumentReaderAndWriter$OutputStyle
edu/stanford/nlp/ling/CategoryWordTag.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CategoryWordTag
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CategoryWordTag$LabelFactoryHolder
edu/stanford/nlp/tagger/io/TextTaggedFileReader.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.tagger.io.TextTaggedFileReader
edu/stanford/nlp/ling/tokensregex/SequenceMatcher.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.SequenceMatcher
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.SequenceMatcher$1
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.SequenceMatcher$2
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.SequenceMatcher$BasicMatchReplacement
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.SequenceMatcher$BranchState
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.SequenceMatcher$BranchStates
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.SequenceMatcher$FindType
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.SequenceMatcher$GroupMatchReplacement
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.SequenceMatcher$MatchReplacement
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.SequenceMatcher$MatchedStates
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.SequenceMatcher$NamedGroupMatchReplacement
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.SequenceMatcher$State
edu/stanford/nlp/util/Generics.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.Generics
edu/stanford/nlp/util/MemoryMonitor.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.MemoryMonitor
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.MemoryMonitor$PeakMemoryMonitor
edu/stanford/nlp/util/Triple.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.Triple
edu/stanford/nlp/tagger/maxent/package-info.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.tagger.maxent.package-info
edu/stanford/nlp/util/Scored.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.Scored
edu/stanford/nlp/util/Maps.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.Maps
edu/stanford/nlp/ling/tokensregex/matcher/Match.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.matcher.Match
edu/stanford/nlp/ling/tokensregex/package-info.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.package-info
edu/stanford/nlp/util/ReflectionLoading.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.ReflectionLoading
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.ReflectionLoading$ReflectionLoadingException
edu/stanford/nlp/stats/Gamma.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.stats.Gamma
edu/stanford/nlp/tagger/maxent/CTBunkDict.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.tagger.maxent.CTBunkDict
edu/stanford/nlp/ling/CoreUtilities.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreUtilities
edu/stanford/nlp/pipeline/QuoteAnnotator.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.QuoteAnnotator
edu/stanford/nlp/international/french/process/FrenchLexer.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.international.french.process.FrenchLexer
 edu.stanford.nlp.international.french.process.FrenchLexer$1
 edu.stanford.nlp.international.french.process.FrenchLexer$UntokenizableOptions
edu/stanford/nlp/util/concurrent/ThreadsafeProcessor.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.concurrent.ThreadsafeProcessor
edu/stanford/nlp/ling/Word.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.Word
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.Word$WordFactoryHolder
edu/stanford/nlp/tagger/util/ConvertTreesToTags.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.tagger.util.ConvertTreesToTags
edu/stanford/nlp/maxent/CGRunner.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.maxent.CGRunner
 edu.stanford.nlp.maxent.CGRunner$LikelihoodFunction
 edu.stanford.nlp.maxent.CGRunner$MonitorFunction
edu/stanford/nlp/process/Morphology.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.process.Morphology
edu/stanford/nlp/process/StopList.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.process.StopList
edu/stanford/nlp/tagger/maxent/CtbDict.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.tagger.maxent.CtbDict
edu/stanford/nlp/util/HashIndex.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.HashIndex
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.HashIndex$1
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.HashIndex$2
edu/stanford/nlp/ling/tokensregex/parser/TokenSequenceParser.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.parser.TokenSequenceParser
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.parser.TokenSequenceParser$JJCalls
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.parser.TokenSequenceParser$LookaheadSuccess
edu/stanford/nlp/util/StringUtils.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.StringUtils
edu/stanford/nlp/optimization/StochasticCalculateMethods.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.optimization.StochasticCalculateMethods
edu/stanford/nlp/optimization/StochasticMinimizer.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.optimization.StochasticMinimizer
 edu.stanford.nlp.optimization.StochasticMinimizer$PropertySetter
 edu.stanford.nlp.optimization.StochasticMinimizer$setGain
edu/stanford/nlp/sequences/ColumnDocumentReaderAndWriter.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.sequences.ColumnDocumentReaderAndWriter
 edu.stanford.nlp.sequences.ColumnDocumentReaderAndWriter$ColumnDocParser
edu/stanford/nlp/util/TwoDimensionalMap.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.TwoDimensionalMap
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.TwoDimensionalMap$Entry
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.TwoDimensionalMap$TwoDimensionalMapIterator
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.TwoDimensionalMap$TwoDimensionalMapValueIterator
edu/stanford/nlp/util/ThreeDimensionalCollectionValuedMap.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.ThreeDimensionalCollectionValuedMap
edu/stanford/nlp/process/DocumentPreprocessor.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.process.DocumentPreprocessor
 edu.stanford.nlp.process.DocumentPreprocessor$DocType
 edu.stanford.nlp.process.DocumentPreprocessor$PlainTextIterator
 edu.stanford.nlp.process.DocumentPreprocessor$PlainTextIterator$1
 edu.stanford.nlp.process.DocumentPreprocessor$XMLIterator
edu/stanford/nlp/tagger/maxent/documentation/MulticoreWrapperDemo.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.tagger.maxent.documentation.MulticoreWrapperDemo
 edu.stanford.nlp.tagger.maxent.documentation.MulticoreWrapperDemo$1
edu/stanford/nlp/util/TwoDimensionalSet.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.TwoDimensionalSet
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.TwoDimensionalSet$TwoDimensionalSetIterator
edu/stanford/nlp/util/BinaryHeapPriorityQueue.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.BinaryHeapPriorityQueue
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.BinaryHeapPriorityQueue$Entry
edu/stanford/nlp/ling/tokensregex/parser/TokenSequenceParserTokenManager.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.parser.TokenSequenceParserTokenManager
edu/stanford/nlp/io/PrintFile.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.io.PrintFile
edu/stanford/nlp/io/TeeStream.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.io.TeeStream
edu/stanford/nlp/util/MetaClass.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.MetaClass
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.MetaClass$ClassCreationException
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.MetaClass$ClassFactory
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.MetaClass$ConstructorNotFoundException
edu/stanford/nlp/process/LowercaseFunction.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.process.LowercaseFunction
edu/stanford/nlp/ling/tokensregex/parser/TokenSequenceParserConstants.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.parser.TokenSequenceParserConstants
edu/stanford/nlp/stats/TwoDimensionalCounter.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.stats.TwoDimensionalCounter
edu/stanford/nlp/util/FilePathProcessor.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.FilePathProcessor
edu/stanford/nlp/ling/HasContext.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.HasContext
edu/stanford/nlp/util/GoogleNGramsSQLBacked.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.GoogleNGramsSQLBacked
edu/stanford/nlp/pipeline/TextAnnotationCreator.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.TextAnnotationCreator
edu/stanford/nlp/pipeline/DefaultPaths.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.DefaultPaths
edu/stanford/nlp/pipeline/AbstractInputStreamAnnotationCreator.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.AbstractInputStreamAnnotationCreator
edu/stanford/nlp/util/logging/package-info.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.logging.package-info
edu/stanford/nlp/international/spanish/SpanishUnknownWordSignatures.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.international.spanish.SpanishUnknownWordSignatures
edu/stanford/nlp/process/CodepointCoreLabelProcessor.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.process.CodepointCoreLabelProcessor
edu/stanford/nlp/util/IntUni.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.IntUni
edu/stanford/nlp/io/NumberRangesFileFilter.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.io.NumberRangesFileFilter
edu/stanford/nlp/util/logging/RepeatedRecordHandler.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.logging.RepeatedRecordHandler
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.logging.RepeatedRecordHandler$ApproximateRepeatSemantics
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.logging.RepeatedRecordHandler$ExactRepeatSemantics
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.logging.RepeatedRecordHandler$PendingType
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.logging.RepeatedRecordHandler$RepeatSemantics
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.logging.RepeatedRecordHandler$RepeatedRecordInfo
edu/stanford/nlp/ling/tokensregex/MultiCoreMapNodePattern.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.MultiCoreMapNodePattern
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.MultiCoreMapNodePattern$StringSequenceAnnotationPattern
edu/stanford/nlp/util/logging/PrettyLogger.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.logging.PrettyLogger
edu/stanford/nlp/ling/tokensregex/SequenceMatchAction.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.SequenceMatchAction
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.SequenceMatchAction$BoundAction
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.SequenceMatchAction$BranchAction
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.SequenceMatchAction$NextMatchAction
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.SequenceMatchAction$SeriesAction
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.SequenceMatchAction$StartMatchAction
edu/stanford/nlp/util/ScoredObject.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.ScoredObject
edu/stanford/nlp/optimization/LineSearcher.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.optimization.LineSearcher
edu/stanford/nlp/tagger/maxent/ExtractorFramesRare.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.tagger.maxent.ASBCunkDetector
 edu.stanford.nlp.tagger.maxent.CTBunkDictDetector
 edu.stanford.nlp.tagger.maxent.CWordBooleanExtractor
 edu.stanford.nlp.tagger.maxent.CaselessCompanyNameDetector
 edu.stanford.nlp.tagger.maxent.CompanyNameDetector
 edu.stanford.nlp.tagger.maxent.CtbPreDetector
 edu.stanford.nlp.tagger.maxent.CtbSufDetector
 edu.stanford.nlp.tagger.maxent.ExtractorAllCap
 edu.stanford.nlp.tagger.maxent.ExtractorAllCapitalized
 edu.stanford.nlp.tagger.maxent.ExtractorCNumber
 edu.stanford.nlp.tagger.maxent.ExtractorCapC
 edu.stanford.nlp.tagger.maxent.ExtractorCapDistLC
 edu.stanford.nlp.tagger.maxent.ExtractorCapLCSeen
 edu.stanford.nlp.tagger.maxent.ExtractorDash
 edu.stanford.nlp.tagger.maxent.ExtractorFramesRare
 edu.stanford.nlp.tagger.maxent.ExtractorFrenchAdjSuffix
 edu.stanford.nlp.tagger.maxent.ExtractorFrenchAdvSuffix
 edu.stanford.nlp.tagger.maxent.ExtractorFrenchNounSuffix
 edu.stanford.nlp.tagger.maxent.ExtractorFrenchPluralSuffix
 edu.stanford.nlp.tagger.maxent.ExtractorFrenchVerbSuffix
 edu.stanford.nlp.tagger.maxent.ExtractorLetterDashDigit
 edu.stanford.nlp.tagger.maxent.ExtractorLetterDigitDash
 edu.stanford.nlp.tagger.maxent.ExtractorMidSentenceCap
 edu.stanford.nlp.tagger.maxent.ExtractorMidSentenceCapC
 edu.stanford.nlp.tagger.maxent.ExtractorNonAlphanumeric
 edu.stanford.nlp.tagger.maxent.ExtractorNumeric
 edu.stanford.nlp.tagger.maxent.ExtractorSpanishConditionalSuffix
 edu.stanford.nlp.tagger.maxent.ExtractorSpanishGender
 edu.stanford.nlp.tagger.maxent.ExtractorSpanishImperfectErIrSuffix
 edu.stanford.nlp.tagger.maxent.ExtractorStartSentenceCap
 edu.stanford.nlp.tagger.maxent.ExtractorSymbols
 edu.stanford.nlp.tagger.maxent.ExtractorUCase
 edu.stanford.nlp.tagger.maxent.ExtractorUpperDigitDash
 edu.stanford.nlp.tagger.maxent.ExtractorWordPref
 edu.stanford.nlp.tagger.maxent.ExtractorWordSuff
 edu.stanford.nlp.tagger.maxent.ExtractorsConjunction
 edu.stanford.nlp.tagger.maxent.PluralAcronymDetector
 edu.stanford.nlp.tagger.maxent.RareExtractor
edu/stanford/nlp/util/ConfusionMatrix.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.ConfusionMatrix
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.ConfusionMatrix$ConfusionGrid
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.ConfusionMatrix$ConfusionGrid$Grid
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.ConfusionMatrix$ConfusionGrid$Grid$1
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.ConfusionMatrix$Contingency
edu/stanford/nlp/util/Comparators.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.Comparators
edu/stanford/nlp/process/WhitespaceLexer.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.process.WhitespaceLexer
edu/stanford/nlp/util/AbstractIterator.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.AbstractIterator
edu/stanford/nlp/pipeline/AnnotationPipeline.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.AnnotationPipeline
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.AnnotationPipeline$1
edu/stanford/nlp/ling/AbstractToken.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.AbstractToken
edu/stanford/nlp/sequences/SeqClassifierFlags.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.sequences.SeqClassifierFlags
 edu.stanford.nlp.sequences.SeqClassifierFlags$SlashHyphenEnum
edu/stanford/nlp/optimization/AbstractStochasticCachingDiffUpdateFunction.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.optimization.AbstractStochasticCachingDiffUpdateFunction
edu/stanford/nlp/pipeline/CoreQuote.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.CoreQuote
edu/stanford/nlp/util/logging/Redwood.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.logging.Redwood
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.logging.Redwood$1
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.logging.Redwood$ConsoleHandler
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.logging.Redwood$FileHandler
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.logging.Redwood$Flag
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.logging.Redwood$MessageType
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.logging.Redwood$Record
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.logging.Redwood$RecordHandlerTree
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.logging.Redwood$RecordHandlerTree$1
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.logging.Redwood$RedwoodChannels
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.logging.Redwood$Util
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.logging.Redwood$Util$1
edu/stanford/nlp/ling/tokensregex/types/Expressions.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.types.Expressions
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.types.Expressions$AndExpression
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.types.Expressions$AssignableFunctionCallExpression
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.types.Expressions$CaseExpression
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.types.Expressions$CompositeValue
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.types.Expressions$ConditionalExpression
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.types.Expressions$FieldExpression
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.types.Expressions$FunctionCallExpression
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.types.Expressions$IfExpression
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.types.Expressions$IndexedExpression
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.types.Expressions$ListExpression
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.types.Expressions$MethodCallExpression
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.types.Expressions$NotExpression
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.types.Expressions$OrExpression
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.types.Expressions$PrimitiveValue
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.types.Expressions$RegexMatchResultVarExpression
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.types.Expressions$RegexMatchVarExpression
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.types.Expressions$RegexValue
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.types.Expressions$SimpleCachedExpression
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.types.Expressions$SimpleExpression
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.types.Expressions$SimpleValue
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.types.Expressions$TypedExpression
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.types.Expressions$VarAssignmentExpression
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.types.Expressions$VarExpression
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.types.Expressions$WrappedExpression
edu/stanford/nlp/ling/tokensregex/MapNodePattern.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.MapNodePattern
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.MapNodePattern$1
edu/stanford/nlp/optimization/DiffFunction.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.optimization.DiffFunction
edu/stanford/nlp/sequences/MUCDocumentReaderAndWriter.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.sequences.MUCDocumentReaderAndWriter
 edu.stanford.nlp.sequences.MUCDocumentReaderAndWriter$MUCDocumentParser
edu/stanford/nlp/util/ArrayStringFilter.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.ArrayStringFilter
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.ArrayStringFilter$1
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.ArrayStringFilter$Mode
edu/stanford/nlp/ling/tokensregex/ComplexNodePattern.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.ComplexNodePattern
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.ComplexNodePattern$AbstractStringAnnotationPattern
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.ComplexNodePattern$AttributesEqualMatchChecker
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.ComplexNodePattern$IntegerAnnotationPattern
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.ComplexNodePattern$NilAnnotationPattern
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.ComplexNodePattern$NotNilAnnotationPattern
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.ComplexNodePattern$NumericAnnotationPattern
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.ComplexNodePattern$NumericAnnotationPattern$CmpType
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.ComplexNodePattern$NumericAnnotationPattern$CmpType$1
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.ComplexNodePattern$NumericAnnotationPattern$CmpType$2
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.ComplexNodePattern$NumericAnnotationPattern$CmpType$3
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.ComplexNodePattern$NumericAnnotationPattern$CmpType$4
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.ComplexNodePattern$NumericAnnotationPattern$CmpType$5
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.ComplexNodePattern$NumericAnnotationPattern$CmpType$6
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.ComplexNodePattern$NumericAnnotationPattern$CmpType$7
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.ComplexNodePattern$SequenceRegexPattern
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.ComplexNodePattern$StringAnnotationPattern
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.ComplexNodePattern$StringAnnotationRegexPattern
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.ComplexNodePattern$StringInSetAnnotationPattern
edu/stanford/nlp/ling/Featurizable.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.Featurizable
edu/stanford/nlp/util/HashableCoreMap.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.HashableCoreMap
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.HashableCoreMap$HashableCoreMapException
edu/stanford/nlp/util/logging/VisibilityHandler.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.logging.VisibilityHandler
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.logging.VisibilityHandler$1
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.logging.VisibilityHandler$State
edu/stanford/nlp/tagger/maxent/ExtractorDistsim.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.tagger.maxent.ExtractorDistsim
edu/stanford/nlp/io/ReaderInputStream.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.io.ReaderInputStream
edu/stanford/nlp/io/RecordIterator.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.io.RecordIterator
edu/stanford/nlp/util/logging/RedwoodConfiguration.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.logging.RedwoodConfiguration
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.logging.RedwoodConfiguration$1
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.logging.RedwoodConfiguration$2
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.logging.RedwoodConfiguration$3
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.logging.RedwoodConfiguration$Handlers
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.logging.RedwoodConfiguration$Handlers$1
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.logging.RedwoodConfiguration$Handlers$1$1
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.logging.RedwoodConfiguration$Handlers$2
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.logging.RedwoodConfiguration$Handlers$2$1
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.logging.RedwoodConfiguration$Handlers$3
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.logging.RedwoodConfiguration$Handlers$4
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.logging.RedwoodConfiguration$Handlers$5
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.logging.RedwoodConfiguration$Handlers$6
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.logging.RedwoodConfiguration$Handlers$7
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.logging.RedwoodConfiguration$Thunk
edu/stanford/nlp/util/MaxSizeConcurrentHashSet.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.MaxSizeConcurrentHashSet
edu/stanford/nlp/optimization/SGDToQNMinimizer.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.optimization.SGDToQNMinimizer
edu/stanford/nlp/ling/HasOriginalText.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.HasOriginalText
edu/stanford/nlp/util/IntPair.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.IntPair
edu/stanford/nlp/optimization/SparseOnlineFunction.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.optimization.SparseOnlineFunction
edu/stanford/nlp/pipeline/WordsToSentencesAnnotator.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.WordsToSentencesAnnotator
edu/stanford/nlp/io/package-info.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.io.package-info
edu/stanford/nlp/optimization/SQNMinimizer.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.optimization.SQNMinimizer
 edu.stanford.nlp.optimization.SQNMinimizer$SurpriseConvergence
edu/stanford/nlp/stats/package-info.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.stats.package-info
edu/stanford/nlp/pipeline/CleanXmlAnnotator.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.CleanXmlAnnotator
edu/stanford/nlp/pipeline/StanfordCoreNLP.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.StanfordCoreNLP
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.StanfordCoreNLP$1
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.StanfordCoreNLP$AnnotatorSignature
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.StanfordCoreNLP$OutputFormat
edu/stanford/nlp/optimization/HasRegularizerParamRange.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.optimization.HasRegularizerParamRange
edu/stanford/nlp/pipeline/LabeledChunkIdentifier.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.LabeledChunkIdentifier
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.LabeledChunkIdentifier$LabelTagType
edu/stanford/nlp/util/MutableLong.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.MutableLong
edu/stanford/nlp/util/LeastRecentlyUsedCache.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.LeastRecentlyUsedCache
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.LeastRecentlyUsedCache$LinkedList
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.LeastRecentlyUsedCache$Node
edu/stanford/nlp/ling/tokensregex/matcher/BoundedCostOrderedMap.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.matcher.BoundedCostOrderedMap
edu/stanford/nlp/util/concurrent/InterruptibleMulticoreWrapper.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.concurrent.InterruptibleMulticoreWrapper
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.concurrent.InterruptibleMulticoreWrapper$FixedNamedThreadPoolExecutor
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.concurrent.InterruptibleMulticoreWrapper$NamedTask
edu/stanford/nlp/process/WordTokenFactory.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.process.WordTokenFactory
edu/stanford/nlp/stats/ProbabilityDistribution.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.stats.ProbabilityDistribution
edu/stanford/nlp/ling/tokensregex/types/Tags.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.types.Tags
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.types.Tags$TagsAnnotation
edu/stanford/nlp/sequences/KBestSequenceFinder.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.sequences.KBestSequenceFinder
edu/stanford/nlp/util/PriorityQueue.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.PriorityQueue
edu/stanford/nlp/tagger/util/MakePrefixFile.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.tagger.util.MakePrefixFile
edu/stanford/nlp/tagger/maxent/documentation/TaggerDemo2.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.tagger.maxent.documentation.TaggerDemo2
edu/stanford/nlp/international/morph/MorphoFeatureSpecification.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.international.morph.MorphoFeatureSpecification
 edu.stanford.nlp.international.morph.MorphoFeatureSpecification$MorphoFeatureType
edu/stanford/nlp/io/RegExFileFilter.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.io.RegExFileFilter
edu/stanford/nlp/stats/Counter.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.stats.Counter
edu/stanford/nlp/ling/LabelFactory.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.LabelFactory
edu/stanford/nlp/pipeline/AnnotatorImplementations.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.AnnotatorImplementations
edu/stanford/nlp/ling/DocumentReader.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.DocumentReader
edu/stanford/nlp/ling/tokensregex/TokenSequenceMatcher.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.TokenSequenceMatcher
edu/stanford/nlp/stats/EquivalenceClassEval.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.stats.EquivalenceClassEval
 edu.stanford.nlp.stats.EquivalenceClassEval$1
 edu.stanford.nlp.stats.EquivalenceClassEval$2
 edu.stanford.nlp.stats.EquivalenceClassEval$EqualityChecker
 edu.stanford.nlp.stats.EquivalenceClassEval$Eval
 edu.stanford.nlp.stats.EquivalenceClassEval$Eval$CollectionContainsChecker
 edu.stanford.nlp.stats.EquivalenceClassEval$Factory
edu/stanford/nlp/process/PTBTokenizer.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.process.PTBTokenizer
 edu.stanford.nlp.process.PTBTokenizer$PTBTokenizerFactory
edu/stanford/nlp/util/IntQuadruple.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.IntQuadruple
edu/stanford/nlp/international/french/process/FrenchTokenizer.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.international.french.process.FrenchTokenizer
 edu.stanford.nlp.international.french.process.FrenchTokenizer$FrenchTokenizerFactory
edu/stanford/nlp/stats/Counters.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.stats.Counters
 edu.stanford.nlp.stats.Counters$1
 edu.stanford.nlp.stats.Counters$1$1
 edu.stanford.nlp.stats.Counters$1$1$1
 edu.stanford.nlp.stats.Counters$1$1$1$1
 edu.stanford.nlp.stats.Counters$2
 edu.stanford.nlp.stats.Counters$2$1
 edu.stanford.nlp.stats.Counters$2$1$1
 edu.stanford.nlp.stats.Counters$2$1$1$1
 edu.stanford.nlp.stats.Counters$2$2
 edu.stanford.nlp.stats.Counters$2$3
 edu.stanford.nlp.stats.Counters$2$3$1
 edu.stanford.nlp.stats.Counters$2$4
 edu.stanford.nlp.stats.Counters$2$4$1
 edu.stanford.nlp.stats.Counters$3
 edu.stanford.nlp.stats.Counters$NaturalComparator
edu/stanford/nlp/math/NumberMatchingRegex.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.math.NumberMatchingRegex
edu/stanford/nlp/ling/tokensregex/MultiPatternMatcher.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.MultiPatternMatcher
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.MultiPatternMatcher$BasicSequencePatternTrigger
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.MultiPatternMatcher$NodePatternTrigger
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.MultiPatternMatcher$SequencePatternTrigger
edu/stanford/nlp/util/DeltaMap.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.DeltaMap
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.DeltaMap$1
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.DeltaMap$1$1NullingIterator
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.DeltaMap$SimpleEntry
edu/stanford/nlp/sequences/IOBUtils.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.sequences.IOBUtils
edu/stanford/nlp/util/ArrayHeap.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.ArrayHeap
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.ArrayHeap$HeapEntry
edu/stanford/nlp/ling/StringLabelFactory.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.StringLabelFactory
edu/stanford/nlp/stats/TwoDimensionalIntCounter.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.stats.TwoDimensionalIntCounter
edu/stanford/nlp/ling/tokensregex/SequenceMatchResult.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.SequenceMatchResult
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.SequenceMatchResult$GroupToIntervalFunc
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.SequenceMatchResult$MatchedGroupInfo
edu/stanford/nlp/util/IterableIterator.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.IterableIterator
edu/stanford/nlp/ling/tokensregex/types/package-info.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.types.package-info
edu/stanford/nlp/pipeline/AbstractTextAnnotationCreator.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.AbstractTextAnnotationCreator
edu/stanford/nlp/ling/tokensregex/matcher/TrieMap.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.matcher.TrieMap
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.matcher.TrieMap$1
edu/stanford/nlp/util/Interner.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.Interner
edu/stanford/nlp/pipeline/AnnotatorPool.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.AnnotatorPool
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.AnnotatorPool$CachedAnnotator
edu/stanford/nlp/util/FuzzyInterval.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.FuzzyInterval
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.FuzzyInterval$FuzzyComparable
edu/stanford/nlp/ling/tokensregex/matcher/MatchCostFunction.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.matcher.MatchCostFunction
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.matcher.MatchCostFunction$AbstractMatchCostFunction
edu/stanford/nlp/ling/tokensregex/types/Value.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.types.Value
edu/stanford/nlp/stats/EquivalenceClasser.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.stats.EquivalenceClasser
edu/stanford/nlp/ling/IndexedWord.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.IndexedWord
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.IndexedWord$1
edu/stanford/nlp/pipeline/JSONOutputter.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.JSONOutputter
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.JSONOutputter$JSONWriter
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.JSONOutputter$Writer
edu/stanford/nlp/util/Lazy.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.Lazy
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.Lazy$1
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.Lazy$2
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.Lazy$3
edu/stanford/nlp/sequences/CoNLLDocumentReaderAndWriter.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.sequences.CoNLLDocumentReaderAndWriter
 edu.stanford.nlp.sequences.CoNLLDocumentReaderAndWriter$CoNLLIterator
edu/stanford/nlp/util/EditDistance.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.EditDistance
edu/stanford/nlp/process/AbstractListProcessor.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.process.AbstractListProcessor
edu/stanford/nlp/ling/tokensregex/CoreMapSequenceMatcher.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.CoreMapSequenceMatcher
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.CoreMapSequenceMatcher$BasicCoreMapSequenceMatcher
edu/stanford/nlp/ling/tokensregex/types/ValueFunction.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.types.ValueFunction
edu/stanford/nlp/ling/tokensregex/matcher/package-info.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.matcher.package-info
edu/stanford/nlp/util/CoreMaps.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.CoreMaps
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.CoreMaps$1
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.CoreMaps$1$1
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.CoreMaps$1$1$1
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.CoreMaps$2
edu/stanford/nlp/stats/ClassicCounter.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.stats.ClassicCounter
 edu.stanford.nlp.stats.ClassicCounter$1
 edu.stanford.nlp.stats.ClassicCounter$1$1
 edu.stanford.nlp.stats.ClassicCounter$2
 edu.stanford.nlp.stats.ClassicCounter$2$1
 edu.stanford.nlp.stats.ClassicCounter$2$1$1
 edu.stanford.nlp.stats.ClassicCounter$ClassicCounterFactory
edu/stanford/nlp/ling/tokensregex/EnvLookup.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.EnvLookup
edu/stanford/nlp/sequences/ObjectBankWrapper.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.sequences.ObjectBankWrapper
 edu.stanford.nlp.sequences.ObjectBankWrapper$WrappedIterator
edu/stanford/nlp/tagger/maxent/ExtractorVerbalVBNZero.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.tagger.maxent.ExtractorVerbalVBNZero
edu/stanford/nlp/util/RuntimeInterruptedException.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.RuntimeInterruptedException
edu/stanford/nlp/ling/LabeledWord.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.LabeledWord
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.LabeledWord$LabelFactoryHolder
edu/stanford/nlp/objectbank/ResettableReaderIteratorFactory.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.objectbank.ResettableReaderIteratorFactory
edu/stanford/nlp/ling/SentenceUtils.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.SentenceUtils
edu/stanford/nlp/util/logging/NewlineLogFormatter.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.logging.NewlineLogFormatter
edu/stanford/nlp/util/FourDimensionalMap.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.FourDimensionalMap
edu/stanford/nlp/stats/Dirichlet.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.stats.Dirichlet
edu/stanford/nlp/pipeline/DocDateAnnotator.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.DocDateAnnotator
edu/stanford/nlp/stats/Sampler.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.stats.Sampler
edu/stanford/nlp/ling/TaggedWord.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.TaggedWord
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.TaggedWord$LabelFactoryHolder
edu/stanford/nlp/pipeline/TextOutputter.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.TextOutputter
edu/stanford/nlp/tagger/package-info.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.tagger.package-info
edu/stanford/nlp/math/ADMath.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.math.ADMath
edu/stanford/nlp/ling/tokensregex/MatchedExpression.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.MatchedExpression
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.MatchedExpression$SingleAnnotationExtractor
edu/stanford/nlp/util/DisabledPreferences.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.DisabledPreferences
edu/stanford/nlp/tagger/maxent/LambdaSolveTagger.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.tagger.maxent.LambdaSolveTagger
edu/stanford/nlp/ling/tokensregex/types/ValueFunctions.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.types.ValueFunctions
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.types.ValueFunctions$1
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.types.ValueFunctions$10
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.types.ValueFunctions$11
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.types.ValueFunctions$12
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.types.ValueFunctions$13
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.types.ValueFunctions$14
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.types.ValueFunctions$15
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.types.ValueFunctions$16
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.types.ValueFunctions$17
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.types.ValueFunctions$18
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.types.ValueFunctions$19
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.types.ValueFunctions$2
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.types.ValueFunctions$20
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.types.ValueFunctions$21
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.types.ValueFunctions$22
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.types.ValueFunctions$23
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.types.ValueFunctions$24
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.types.ValueFunctions$25
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.types.ValueFunctions$26
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.types.ValueFunctions$27
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.types.ValueFunctions$28
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.types.ValueFunctions$29
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.types.ValueFunctions$3
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.types.ValueFunctions$30
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.types.ValueFunctions$31
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.types.ValueFunctions$32
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.types.ValueFunctions$33
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.types.ValueFunctions$34
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.types.ValueFunctions$35
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.types.ValueFunctions$36
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.types.ValueFunctions$37
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.types.ValueFunctions$38
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.types.ValueFunctions$39
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.types.ValueFunctions$4
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.types.ValueFunctions$40
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.types.ValueFunctions$41
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.types.ValueFunctions$42
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.types.ValueFunctions$43
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.types.ValueFunctions$44
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.types.ValueFunctions$45
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.types.ValueFunctions$5
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.types.ValueFunctions$6
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.types.ValueFunctions$7
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.types.ValueFunctions$8
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.types.ValueFunctions$9
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.types.ValueFunctions$BooleanFunction
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.types.ValueFunctions$ComparableComparator
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.types.ValueFunctions$CompareFunction
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.types.ValueFunctions$CompareType
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.types.ValueFunctions$NamedValueFunction
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.types.ValueFunctions$NumericComparator
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.types.ValueFunctions$NumericFunction
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.types.ValueFunctions$ParamInfo
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.types.ValueFunctions$StringFunction
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.types.ValueFunctions$TypeCheckedFunction
edu/stanford/nlp/io/Lexer.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.io.Lexer
edu/stanford/nlp/process/LowercaseAndAmericanizeFunction.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.process.LowercaseAndAmericanizeFunction
edu/stanford/nlp/ling/tokensregex/parser/SimpleCharStream.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.parser.SimpleCharStream
edu/stanford/nlp/process/CoreTokenFactory.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.process.CoreTokenFactory
edu/stanford/nlp/util/IntArray.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.IntArray
edu/stanford/nlp/sequences/MalletReaderAndWriter.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.sequences.MalletReaderAndWriter
 edu.stanford.nlp.sequences.MalletReaderAndWriter$MalletDocParser
edu/stanford/nlp/sequences/package-info.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.sequences.package-info
edu/stanford/nlp/tagger/maxent/documentation/TaggerDemo.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.tagger.maxent.documentation.TaggerDemo
edu/stanford/nlp/optimization/Function.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.optimization.Function
edu/stanford/nlp/pipeline/TokensRegexNERAnnotator.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.TokensRegexNERAnnotator
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.TokensRegexNERAnnotator$1
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.TokensRegexNERAnnotator$Entry
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.TokensRegexNERAnnotator$PosMatchType
edu/stanford/nlp/ling/RVFDatum.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.RVFDatum
edu/stanford/nlp/ling/SegmenterCoreAnnotations.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.SegmenterCoreAnnotations
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.SegmenterCoreAnnotations$CharactersAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.SegmenterCoreAnnotations$XMLCharAnnotation
edu/stanford/nlp/sequences/FactoredSequenceModel.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.sequences.FactoredSequenceModel
edu/stanford/nlp/util/concurrent/AtomicDouble.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.concurrent.AtomicDouble
edu/stanford/nlp/util/ArrayMap.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.ArrayMap
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.ArrayMap$1
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.ArrayMap$Entry
edu/stanford/nlp/tagger/maxent/MaxentTaggerServer.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.tagger.maxent.MaxentTaggerServer
 edu.stanford.nlp.tagger.maxent.MaxentTaggerServer$Session
 edu.stanford.nlp.tagger.maxent.MaxentTaggerServer$TaggerClient
edu/stanford/nlp/io/CopySerializedObject.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.io.CopySerializedObject
edu/stanford/nlp/optimization/AbstractCachingDiffFunction.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.optimization.AbstractCachingDiffFunction
edu/stanford/nlp/pipeline/GenericAnnotationSerializer.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.GenericAnnotationSerializer
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.GenericAnnotationSerializer$AppendingObjectOutputStream
edu/stanford/nlp/sequences/DocumentReaderAndWriter.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.sequences.DocumentReaderAndWriter
edu/stanford/nlp/process/ListProcessor.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.process.ListProcessor
edu/stanford/nlp/ling/tokensregex/types/AssignableExpression.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.types.AssignableExpression
edu/stanford/nlp/process/PTBEscapingProcessor.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.process.PTBEscapingProcessor
edu/stanford/nlp/optimization/HybridMinimizer.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.optimization.HybridMinimizer
edu/stanford/nlp/tagger/maxent/Extractors.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.tagger.maxent.Extractors
edu/stanford/nlp/util/TreeShapedStack.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.TreeShapedStack
edu/stanford/nlp/international/spanish/SpanishVerbStripper.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.international.spanish.SpanishVerbStripper
 edu.stanford.nlp.international.spanish.SpanishVerbStripper$StrippedVerb
edu/stanford/nlp/optimization/CmdEvaluator.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.optimization.CmdEvaluator
edu/stanford/nlp/util/Timing.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.Timing
edu/stanford/nlp/pipeline/LanguageInfo.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.LanguageInfo
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.LanguageInfo$HumanLanguage
edu/stanford/nlp/util/logging/SLF4JHandler.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.logging.SLF4JHandler
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.logging.SLF4JHandler$1
edu/stanford/nlp/ling/tokensregex/Env.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.Env
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.Env$Binder
edu/stanford/nlp/util/CollectionValuedMap.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.CollectionValuedMap
edu/stanford/nlp/tagger/maxent/CountWrapper.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.tagger.maxent.CountWrapper
edu/stanford/nlp/ling/MultiTokenTag.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.MultiTokenTag
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.MultiTokenTag$Tag
edu/stanford/nlp/process/PTB2TextLexer.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.process.PTB2TextLexer
edu/stanford/nlp/util/concurrent/MulticoreWrapper.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.concurrent.MulticoreWrapper
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.concurrent.MulticoreWrapper$CallableJob
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.concurrent.MulticoreWrapper$JobCallback
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.concurrent.MulticoreWrapper$QueueItem
edu/stanford/nlp/ling/tokensregex/demo/TokensRegexDemo.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.demo.TokensRegexDemo
edu/stanford/nlp/io/ExtensionFileFilter.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.io.ExtensionFileFilter
edu/stanford/nlp/util/SystemUtils.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.SystemUtils
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.SystemUtils$ProcessException
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.SystemUtils$ProcessOutputStream
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.SystemUtils$WriterThread
edu/stanford/nlp/ling/tokensregex/NodePatternTransformer.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.NodePatternTransformer
edu/stanford/nlp/ling/tokensregex/demo/package-info.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.demo.package-info
edu/stanford/nlp/maxent/Features.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.maxent.Features
edu/stanford/nlp/ling/tokensregex/matcher/MultiMatch.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.matcher.MultiMatch
edu/stanford/nlp/pipeline/TokensRegexAnnotator.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.TokensRegexAnnotator
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.TokensRegexAnnotator$Options
edu/stanford/nlp/tagger/maxent/TaggerFeatures.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.tagger.maxent.TaggerFeatures
edu/stanford/nlp/optimization/AbstractStochasticCachingDiffFunction.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.optimization.AbstractStochasticCachingDiffFunction
 edu.stanford.nlp.optimization.AbstractStochasticCachingDiffFunction$SamplingMethod
edu/stanford/nlp/stats/Distribution.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.stats.Distribution
 edu.stanford.nlp.stats.Distribution$DynamicDistribution
edu/stanford/nlp/process/WordToSentenceProcessor.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.process.WordToSentenceProcessor
 edu.stanford.nlp.process.WordToSentenceProcessor$NewlineIsSentenceBreak
edu/stanford/nlp/util/MutableDouble.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.MutableDouble
edu/stanford/nlp/util/logging/Color.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.logging.Color
edu/stanford/nlp/ling/WordLemmaTag.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.WordLemmaTag
edu/stanford/nlp/process/StripTagsProcessor.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.process.StripTagsProcessor
edu/stanford/nlp/sequences/FeatureFactory.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.sequences.FeatureFactory
edu/stanford/nlp/util/logging/OutputHandler.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.logging.OutputHandler
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.logging.OutputHandler$TrackInfo
edu/stanford/nlp/ling/TaggedWordFactory.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.TaggedWordFactory
edu/stanford/nlp/maxent/Feature.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.maxent.Feature
edu/stanford/nlp/util/CallbackFunction.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.CallbackFunction
edu/stanford/nlp/ling/tokensregex/BasicSequenceMatchResult.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.BasicSequenceMatchResult
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.BasicSequenceMatchResult$MatchedGroup
edu/stanford/nlp/tagger/maxent/ReadDataTagged.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.tagger.maxent.ReadDataTagged
edu/stanford/nlp/pipeline/AnnotationSource.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.AnnotationSource
edu/stanford/nlp/util/Factory.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.Factory
edu/stanford/nlp/ling/tokensregex/demo/TokensRegexMatcherDemo.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.demo.TokensRegexMatcherDemo
edu/stanford/nlp/objectbank/XMLBeginEndIterator.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.objectbank.XMLBeginEndIterator
 edu.stanford.nlp.objectbank.XMLBeginEndIterator$XMLBeginEndIteratorFactory
edu/stanford/nlp/optimization/HasFeatureGrouping.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.optimization.HasFeatureGrouping
edu/stanford/nlp/objectbank/ReaderIteratorFactory.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.objectbank.ReaderIteratorFactory
 edu.stanford.nlp.objectbank.ReaderIteratorFactory$ReaderIterator
edu/stanford/nlp/tagger/maxent/DataWordTag.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.tagger.maxent.DataWordTag
edu/stanford/nlp/tagger/maxent/TestThreadedTagger.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.tagger.maxent.TestThreadedTagger
 edu.stanford.nlp.tagger.maxent.TestThreadedTagger$TaggerThread
edu/stanford/nlp/util/logging/JavaUtilLoggingAdaptor.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.logging.JavaUtilLoggingAdaptor
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.logging.JavaUtilLoggingAdaptor$RedwoodHandler
edu/stanford/nlp/pipeline/AnnotationSerializer.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.AnnotationSerializer
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.AnnotationSerializer$IntermediateEdge
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.AnnotationSerializer$IntermediateNode
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.AnnotationSerializer$IntermediateSemanticGraph
edu/stanford/nlp/process/WordToTaggedWordProcessor.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.process.WordToTaggedWordProcessor
edu/stanford/nlp/tagger/maxent/TaggerFeature.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.tagger.maxent.TaggerFeature
edu/stanford/nlp/optimization/SMDMinimizer.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.optimization.SMDMinimizer
 edu.stanford.nlp.optimization.SMDMinimizer$1
 edu.stanford.nlp.optimization.SMDMinimizer$setLam
 edu.stanford.nlp.optimization.SMDMinimizer$setMu
edu/stanford/nlp/ling/tokensregex/parser/TokenMgrError.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.parser.TokenMgrError
edu/stanford/nlp/util/MapFactory.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.MapFactory
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.MapFactory$ArrayMapFactory
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.MapFactory$ConcurrentMapFactory
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.MapFactory$HashMapFactory
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.MapFactory$IdentityHashMapFactory
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.MapFactory$LinkedHashMapFactory
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.MapFactory$TreeMapFactory
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.MapFactory$WeakHashMapFactory
edu/stanford/nlp/ling/CoreAnnotations.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$AbbrAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$AbgeneAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$AbstrAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$AfterAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$AnswerAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$AnswerObjectAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$AnswerProbAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$AntecedentAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$ArabicCharAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$ArabicSegAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$ArgDescendentAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$ArgumentAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$AuthorAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$BagOfWordsAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$BeAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$BeforeAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$BestCliquesAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$BestFullAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$CalendarAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$CanonicalEntityMentionIndexAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$CategoryAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$CategoryFunctionalTagAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$CharAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$CharacterOffsetBeginAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$CharacterOffsetEndAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$ChineseCharAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$ChineseIsSegmentedAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$ChineseOrigSegAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$ChineseSegAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$ChunkAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$CoNLLDepAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$CoNLLDepParentIndexAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$CoNLLDepTypeAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$CoNLLPredicateAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$CoNLLSRLAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$CoNLLUFeats
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$CoNLLUMisc
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$CoNLLUSecondaryDepsAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$CoNLLUTokenSpanAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$CoarseNamedEntityTagAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$CoarseTagAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$CodepointOffsetBeginAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$CodepointOffsetEndAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$ColumnDataClassifierAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$CommonWordsAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$ContextsAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$CorefMentionToEntityMentionMappingAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$CostMagnificationAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$CovertIDAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$D2_LBeginAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$D2_LEndAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$D2_LMiddleAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$DayAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$DependentsAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$DictAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$DistSimAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$DoAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$DocDateAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$DocIDAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$DocSourceTypeAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$DocTitleAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$DocTypeAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$DomainAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$EntityClassAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$EntityMentionIndexAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$EntityMentionToCorefMentionMappingAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$EntityRuleAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$EntityTypeAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$ExceptionAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$FeaturesAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$FemaleGazAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$FineGrainedNamedEntityTagAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$FirstChildAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$ForcedSentenceEndAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$ForcedSentenceUntilEndAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$FreqAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$GazAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$GazetteerAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$GenderAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$GenericTokensAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$GeniaAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$GoldAnswerAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$GovernorAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$GrandparentAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$HaveAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$HeadWordStringAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$HeightAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$IDAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$IDFAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$INAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$IndexAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$InterpretationAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$IsDateRangeAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$IsFirstWordOfMWTAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$IsMultiWordTokenAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$IsNewlineAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$IsURLAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$LBeginAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$LEndAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$LMiddleAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$LabelAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$LabelIDAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$LabelWeightAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$LastGazAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$LastTaggedAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$LeftChildrenNodeAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$LeftTermAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$LemmaAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$LengthAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$LineNumberAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$LinkAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$LocationAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$MWTTokenTextAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$MaleGazAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$MarkingAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$MentionTokenAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$MentionsAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$MonthAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$MorphoCaseAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$MorphoGenAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$MorphoNumAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$MorphoPersAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$NERIDAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$NamedEntityTagAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$NamedEntityTagProbsAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$NeighborsAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$NormalizedNamedEntityTagAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$NotAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$NumTxtSentencesAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$NumericCompositeObjectAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$NumericCompositeTypeAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$NumericCompositeValueAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$NumericObjectAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$NumericTypeAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$NumericValueAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$NumerizedTokensAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$OriginalCharAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$OriginalTextAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$ParaPositionAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$ParagraphAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$ParagraphIndexAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$ParagraphsAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$ParentAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$PartOfSpeechAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$PercentAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$PhraseWordsAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$PhraseWordsTagAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$PolarityAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$PositionAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$PossibleAnswersAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$PredictedAnswerAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$PresetAnswerAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$PrevChildAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$PriorAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$ProtoAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$QuotationIndexAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$QuotationsAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$QuotedAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$QuotesAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$RoleAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$SRLIDAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$SRLInstancesAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$SRL_ID
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$SectionAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$SectionAuthorCharacterOffsetBeginAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$SectionAuthorCharacterOffsetEndAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$SectionDateAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$SectionEndAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$SectionIDAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$SectionIndexAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$SectionStartAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$SectionTagAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$SectionsAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$SemanticHeadTagAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$SemanticHeadWordAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$SemanticTagAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$SemanticWordAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$SentenceBeginAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$SentenceEndAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$SentenceIDAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$SentenceIndexAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$SentencePositionAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$SentencesAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$ShapeAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$SpaceBeforeAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$SpanAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$SpeakerAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$SpeakerTypeAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$StackedNamedEntityTagAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$StateAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$StemAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$SubcategorizationAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$TagLabelAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$TextAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$TokenBeginAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$TokenEndAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$TokensAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$TopicAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$TrueCaseAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$TrueCaseTextAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$TrueTagAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$UBlockAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$UTypeAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$UnaryAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$UnclosedQuotationsAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$UnknownAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$UseMarkedDiscourseAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$UtteranceAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$ValueAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$VerbSenseAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$WebAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$WordFormAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$WordPositionAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$WordSenseAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$WordnetSynAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$XmlContextAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$XmlElementAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotations$YearAnnotation
edu/stanford/nlp/international/spanish/process/SpanishTokenizer.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.international.spanish.process.SpanishTokenizer
 edu.stanford.nlp.international.spanish.process.SpanishTokenizer$SpanishTokenizerFactory
edu/stanford/nlp/optimization/SparseMinimizer.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.optimization.SparseMinimizer
edu/stanford/nlp/tagger/maxent/MaxentTagger.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.tagger.maxent.MaxentTagger
 edu.stanford.nlp.tagger.maxent.MaxentTagger$1
 edu.stanford.nlp.tagger.maxent.MaxentTagger$SentenceTaggingProcessor
 edu.stanford.nlp.tagger.maxent.MaxentTagger$TaggerWrapper
edu/stanford/nlp/util/FixedPrioritiesPriorityQueue.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.FixedPrioritiesPriorityQueue
edu/stanford/nlp/util/DisabledPreferencesFactory.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.DisabledPreferencesFactory
edu/stanford/nlp/ling/tokensregex/parser/package-info.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.parser.package-info
edu/stanford/nlp/util/ErasureUtils.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.ErasureUtils
edu/stanford/nlp/process/LexerUtils.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.process.LexerUtils
 edu.stanford.nlp.process.LexerUtils$1
 edu.stanford.nlp.process.LexerUtils$DashesEnum
 edu.stanford.nlp.process.LexerUtils$EllipsesEnum
 edu.stanford.nlp.process.LexerUtils$QuotesEnum
edu/stanford/nlp/sequences/ListeningSequenceModel.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.sequences.ListeningSequenceModel
edu/stanford/nlp/util/ValuedInterval.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.ValuedInterval
edu/stanford/nlp/pipeline/SentenceAnnotator.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.SentenceAnnotator
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.SentenceAnnotator$AnnotatorProcessor
edu/stanford/nlp/ling/tokensregex/demo/TokensRegexRetokenizeDemo.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.demo.TokensRegexRetokenizeDemo
edu/stanford/nlp/util/IntTriple.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.IntTriple
edu/stanford/nlp/io/EncodingFileReader.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.io.EncodingFileReader
edu/stanford/nlp/math/ArrayMath.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.math.ArrayMath
 edu.stanford.nlp.math.ArrayMath$InvalidElementException
edu/stanford/nlp/tagger/maxent/FeatureKey.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.tagger.maxent.FeatureKey
edu/stanford/nlp/tagger/maxent/TemplateHash.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.tagger.maxent.TemplateHash
 edu.stanford.nlp.tagger.maxent.TemplateHash$ListInstances
edu/stanford/nlp/maxent/iis/LambdaSolve.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.maxent.iis.LambdaSolve
edu/stanford/nlp/util/OneToOneMap.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.OneToOneMap
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.OneToOneMap$OneToOneMapException
edu/stanford/nlp/sequences/SequenceSampler.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.sequences.SequenceSampler
edu/stanford/nlp/util/CacheMap.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.CacheMap
edu/stanford/nlp/sequences/ExactBestSequenceFinder.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.sequences.ExactBestSequenceFinder
edu/stanford/nlp/util/DisjointSet.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.DisjointSet
edu/stanford/nlp/util/Sets.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.Sets
edu/stanford/nlp/process/Tokenizer.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.process.Tokenizer
edu/stanford/nlp/ling/tokensregex/demo/TokensRegexMatcher.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.demo.TokensRegexMatcher
edu/stanford/nlp/optimization/ScaledSGDMinimizer.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.optimization.ScaledSGDMinimizer
 edu.stanford.nlp.optimization.ScaledSGDMinimizer$Weights
 edu.stanford.nlp.optimization.ScaledSGDMinimizer$lagrange
 edu.stanford.nlp.optimization.ScaledSGDMinimizer$setFixedGain
edu/stanford/nlp/ling/tokensregex/CoreMapExpressionExtractor.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.CoreMapExpressionExtractor
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.CoreMapExpressionExtractor$CompositeMatchState
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.CoreMapExpressionExtractor$Stage
edu/stanford/nlp/util/logging/RerouteChannel.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.logging.RerouteChannel
edu/stanford/nlp/util/FastDisjointSet.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.FastDisjointSet
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.FastDisjointSet$Element
edu/stanford/nlp/ling/HasWord.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.HasWord
edu/stanford/nlp/objectbank/LineIterator.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.objectbank.LineIterator
 edu.stanford.nlp.objectbank.LineIterator$LineIteratorFactory
edu/stanford/nlp/io/RuntimeIOException.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.io.RuntimeIOException
edu/stanford/nlp/sequences/Clique.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.sequences.Clique
 edu.stanford.nlp.sequences.Clique$CliqueEqualityWrapper
edu/stanford/nlp/tagger/maxent/Distsim.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.tagger.maxent.Distsim
edu/stanford/nlp/util/Functions.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.Functions
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.Functions$ComposedFunction
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.Functions$InvertedBijection
edu/stanford/nlp/pipeline/CoreEntityMention.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.CoreEntityMention
edu/stanford/nlp/util/Index.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.Index
edu/stanford/nlp/pipeline/CoreMapAggregator.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.CoreMapAggregator
edu/stanford/nlp/international/german/process/GermanTokenizerPostProcessor.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.international.german.process.GermanTokenizerPostProcessor
edu/stanford/nlp/util/Quadruple.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.Quadruple
edu/stanford/nlp/tagger/maxent/ExtractorDistsimConjunction.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.tagger.maxent.ExtractorDistsimConjunction
edu/stanford/nlp/objectbank/ObjectBank.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.objectbank.ObjectBank
 edu.stanford.nlp.objectbank.ObjectBank$OBIterator
 edu.stanford.nlp.objectbank.ObjectBank$PathToFileFunction
edu/stanford/nlp/ling/AnnotationLookup.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.AnnotationLookup
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.AnnotationLookup$KeyLookup
edu/stanford/nlp/ling/HasTag.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.HasTag
edu/stanford/nlp/tagger/io/TSVTaggedFileReader.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.tagger.io.TSVTaggedFileReader
edu/stanford/nlp/util/BoundedPriorityQueue.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.BoundedPriorityQueue
edu/stanford/nlp/ling/Label.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.Label
edu/stanford/nlp/util/MutableInteger.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.MutableInteger
edu/stanford/nlp/ling/HasCategory.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.HasCategory
edu/stanford/nlp/maxent/Experiments.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.maxent.Experiments
edu/stanford/nlp/tagger/common/Tagger.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.tagger.common.Tagger
edu/stanford/nlp/optimization/HasEvaluators.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.optimization.HasEvaluators
edu/stanford/nlp/util/CommandLineTokenizer.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.CommandLineTokenizer
edu/stanford/nlp/ling/HasNER.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.HasNER
edu/stanford/nlp/ling/tokensregex/parser/ParseException.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.parser.ParseException
edu/stanford/nlp/util/concurrent/ConcurrentHashIndex.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.concurrent.ConcurrentHashIndex
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.concurrent.ConcurrentHashIndex$1
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.concurrent.ConcurrentHashIndex$2
edu/stanford/nlp/process/TokenizerAdapter.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.process.TokenizerAdapter
edu/stanford/nlp/ling/tokensregex/matcher/TrieMapMatcher.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.matcher.TrieMapMatcher
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.matcher.TrieMapMatcher$MatchQueue
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.matcher.TrieMapMatcher$MultiMatchQueue
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.matcher.TrieMapMatcher$PartialApproxMatch
edu/stanford/nlp/math/DoubleAD.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.math.DoubleAD
edu/stanford/nlp/util/logging/JavaUtilLoggingHandler.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.logging.JavaUtilLoggingHandler
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.logging.JavaUtilLoggingHandler$1
edu/stanford/nlp/tagger/maxent/ASBCunkDict.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.tagger.maxent.ASBCunkDict
edu/stanford/nlp/util/CoreMap.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.CoreMap
edu/stanford/nlp/util/ConvertByteArray.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.ConvertByteArray
edu/stanford/nlp/process/PTBLexer.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.process.PTBLexer
 edu.stanford.nlp.process.PTBLexer$1
 edu.stanford.nlp.process.PTBLexer$UntokenizableOptions
edu/stanford/nlp/optimization/HasFloatInitial.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.optimization.HasFloatInitial
edu/stanford/nlp/util/ArgumentParser.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.ArgumentParser
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.ArgumentParser$Option
edu/stanford/nlp/stats/Multinomial.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.stats.Multinomial
edu/stanford/nlp/optimization/MemoryEvaluator.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.optimization.MemoryEvaluator
edu/stanford/nlp/process/AbstractTokenizer.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.process.AbstractTokenizer
edu/stanford/nlp/util/Interval.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.Interval
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.Interval$RelType
edu/stanford/nlp/process/StoplistFilter.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.process.StoplistFilter
edu/stanford/nlp/util/logging/PrettyLoggable.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.logging.PrettyLoggable
edu/stanford/nlp/ling/CoreAnnotation.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreAnnotation
edu/stanford/nlp/ling/WordTag.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.WordTag
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.WordTag$LabelFactoryHolder
edu/stanford/nlp/ling/tokensregex/matcher/TrieMapUtils.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.matcher.TrieMapUtils
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.matcher.TrieMapUtils$TrieMapFactory
edu/stanford/nlp/util/FiveDimensionalMap.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.FiveDimensionalMap
edu/stanford/nlp/ling/tokensregex/PhraseTable.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.PhraseTable
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.PhraseTable$Phrase
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.PhraseTable$PhraseMatch
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.PhraseTable$PhraseStringCollection
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.PhraseTable$PhraseTableIterator
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.PhraseTable$StackEntry
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.PhraseTable$StringList
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.PhraseTable$TokenList
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.PhraseTable$WordList
edu/stanford/nlp/pipeline/MorphaAnnotator.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.MorphaAnnotator
edu/stanford/nlp/process/LexedTokenFactory.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.process.LexedTokenFactory
edu/stanford/nlp/util/ThreeDimensionalMap.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.ThreeDimensionalMap
edu/stanford/nlp/process/WordShapeClassifier.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.process.WordShapeClassifier
 edu.stanford.nlp.process.WordShapeClassifier$DistributionalClusters
 edu.stanford.nlp.process.WordShapeClassifier$DistributionalClusters$LcMap
edu/stanford/nlp/io/FileSequentialCollection.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.io.FileSequentialCollection
 edu.stanford.nlp.io.FileSequentialCollection$FileSequentialCollectionIterator
edu/stanford/nlp/objectbank/DelimitRegExIterator.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.objectbank.DelimitRegExIterator
 edu.stanford.nlp.objectbank.DelimitRegExIterator$DelimitRegExIteratorFactory
edu/stanford/nlp/util/logging/StanfordRedwoodConfiguration.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.logging.StanfordRedwoodConfiguration
edu/stanford/nlp/process/package-info.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.process.package-info
edu/stanford/nlp/util/logging/RedirectOutputHandler.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.logging.RedirectOutputHandler
edu/stanford/nlp/ling/tokensregex/TokenSequencePattern.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.TokenSequencePattern
edu/stanford/nlp/pipeline/MWTAnnotator.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.MWTAnnotator
edu/stanford/nlp/util/Beam.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.Beam
edu/stanford/nlp/process/Morpha.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.process.Morpha
edu/stanford/nlp/tagger/maxent/Extractor.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.tagger.maxent.Extractor
edu/stanford/nlp/util/package-info.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.package-info
edu/stanford/nlp/util/CollectionFactory.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.CollectionFactory
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.CollectionFactory$ArrayListFactory
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.CollectionFactory$HashSetFactory
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.CollectionFactory$LinkedListFactory
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.CollectionFactory$SizedArrayListFactory
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.CollectionFactory$TreeSetFactory
edu/stanford/nlp/process/TransformXML.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.process.TransformXML
 edu.stanford.nlp.process.TransformXML$NoEscapingSAXInterface
 edu.stanford.nlp.process.TransformXML$SAXInterface
edu/stanford/nlp/process/Americanize.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.process.Americanize
edu/stanford/nlp/maxent/iis/package-info.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.maxent.iis.package-info
edu/stanford/nlp/pipeline/AnnotationCreator.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.AnnotationCreator
edu/stanford/nlp/util/ScoredComparator.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.ScoredComparator
edu/stanford/nlp/pipeline/CoNLLUReader.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.CoNLLUReader
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.CoNLLUReader$CoNLLUDocument
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.CoNLLUReader$CoNLLUSentence
edu/stanford/nlp/optimization/GoldenSectionLineSearch.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.optimization.GoldenSectionLineSearch
edu/stanford/nlp/ling/CategoryWordTagFactory.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CategoryWordTagFactory
edu/stanford/nlp/tagger/maxent/AmbiguityClass.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.tagger.maxent.AmbiguityClass
edu/stanford/nlp/util/logging/FilterHandler.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.logging.FilterHandler
edu/stanford/nlp/io/EncodingPrintWriter.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.io.EncodingPrintWriter
 edu.stanford.nlp.io.EncodingPrintWriter$err
 edu.stanford.nlp.io.EncodingPrintWriter$out
edu/stanford/nlp/ling/HasIndex.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.HasIndex
edu/stanford/nlp/ling/BasicDatum.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.BasicDatum
edu/stanford/nlp/pipeline/CoreSentence.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.CoreSentence
edu/stanford/nlp/util/logging/BooleanLogRecordHandler.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.logging.BooleanLogRecordHandler
edu/stanford/nlp/util/MapList.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.MapList
edu/stanford/nlp/tagger/maxent/TaggerExperiments.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.tagger.maxent.TaggerExperiments
edu/stanford/nlp/ling/Tag.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.Tag
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.Tag$LabelFactoryHolder
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.Tag$TagFactory
edu/stanford/nlp/ling/ValueLabel.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.ValueLabel
edu/stanford/nlp/util/Filters.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.Filters
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.Filters$CategoricalFilter
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.Filters$CollectionAcceptFilter
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.Filters$CombinedFilter
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.Filters$ConjFilter
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.Filters$DisjFilter
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.Filters$NegatedFilter
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.Filters$RandomFilter
edu/stanford/nlp/tagger/maxent/TestClassifier.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.tagger.maxent.TestClassifier
 edu.stanford.nlp.tagger.maxent.TestClassifier$TestSentenceProcessor
edu/stanford/nlp/ling/WordLemmaTagFactory.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.WordLemmaTagFactory
edu/stanford/nlp/stats/GeneralizedCounter.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.stats.GeneralizedCounter
 edu.stanford.nlp.stats.GeneralizedCounter$CounterView
 edu.stanford.nlp.stats.GeneralizedCounter$Entry
 edu.stanford.nlp.stats.GeneralizedCounter$OneDimensionalCounterView
edu/stanford/nlp/tagger/maxent/TestSentence.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.tagger.maxent.TestSentence
edu/stanford/nlp/util/Characters.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.Characters
edu/stanford/nlp/ling/StringLabel.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.StringLabel
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.StringLabel$StringLabelFactoryHolder
edu/stanford/nlp/objectbank/IteratorFromReaderFactory.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.objectbank.IteratorFromReaderFactory
edu/stanford/nlp/ling/tokensregex/CoreMapNodePattern.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.CoreMapNodePattern
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.CoreMapNodePattern$1
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.CoreMapNodePattern$AttributesEqualMatchChecker
edu/stanford/nlp/tagger/maxent/TTags.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.tagger.maxent.TTags
edu/stanford/nlp/util/Pair.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.Pair
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.Pair$ByFirstPairComparator
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.Pair$ByFirstReversePairComparator
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.Pair$BySecondPairComparator
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.Pair$BySecondReversePairComparator
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.Pair$MutableInternedPair
edu/stanford/nlp/process/SerializableFunction.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.process.SerializableFunction
edu/stanford/nlp/tagger/maxent/PairsHolder.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.tagger.maxent.PairsHolder
edu/stanford/nlp/pipeline/CoreDocument.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.CoreDocument
edu/stanford/nlp/ling/tokensregex/types/Expression.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.types.Expression
edu/stanford/nlp/ling/BasicDocument.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.BasicDocument
edu/stanford/nlp/ling/CoreLabel.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreLabel
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreLabel$1
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreLabel$CoreLabelFactory
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreLabel$GenericAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.CoreLabel$OutputFormat
edu/stanford/nlp/optimization/QNMinimizer.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.optimization.QNMinimizer
 edu.stanford.nlp.optimization.QNMinimizer$1
 edu.stanford.nlp.optimization.QNMinimizer$DiagonalQNInfo
 edu.stanford.nlp.optimization.QNMinimizer$MaxEvaluationsExceeded
 edu.stanford.nlp.optimization.QNMinimizer$QNInfo
 edu.stanford.nlp.optimization.QNMinimizer$Record
 edu.stanford.nlp.optimization.QNMinimizer$ScalarQNInfo
 edu.stanford.nlp.optimization.QNMinimizer$SurpriseConvergence
 edu.stanford.nlp.optimization.QNMinimizer$eLineSearch
 edu.stanford.nlp.optimization.QNMinimizer$eScaling
 edu.stanford.nlp.optimization.QNMinimizer$eState
edu/stanford/nlp/pipeline/POSTaggerAnnotator.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.POSTaggerAnnotator
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.POSTaggerAnnotator$POSTaggerProcessor
edu/stanford/nlp/tagger/maxent/ExtractorFrames.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.tagger.maxent.ExtractorFrames
 edu.stanford.nlp.tagger.maxent.ExtractorFrames$ExtractorCWordCapCase
 edu.stanford.nlp.tagger.maxent.ExtractorFrames$ExtractorContinuousTagConjunction
 edu.stanford.nlp.tagger.maxent.ExtractorFrames$ExtractorThreeTags
 edu.stanford.nlp.tagger.maxent.ExtractorFrames$ExtractorTwoTags
 edu.stanford.nlp.tagger.maxent.ExtractorFrames$ExtractorTwoWords
 edu.stanford.nlp.tagger.maxent.ExtractorFrames$ExtractorTwoWordsTag
 edu.stanford.nlp.tagger.maxent.ExtractorFrames$ExtractorWordLowerCase
 edu.stanford.nlp.tagger.maxent.ExtractorFrames$ExtractorWordTag
 edu.stanford.nlp.tagger.maxent.ExtractorFrames$ExtractorWordTwoTags
 edu.stanford.nlp.tagger.maxent.ExtractorSpanishAuxiliaryTag
 edu.stanford.nlp.tagger.maxent.ExtractorSpanishSemiauxiliaryTag
 edu.stanford.nlp.tagger.maxent.ExtractorWordShapeClassifier
 edu.stanford.nlp.tagger.maxent.ExtractorWordShapeConjunction
edu/stanford/nlp/pipeline/ChunkAnnotationUtils.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.ChunkAnnotationUtils
edu/stanford/nlp/optimization/FloatFunction.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.optimization.FloatFunction
edu/stanford/nlp/util/UTF8EquivalenceFunction.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.UTF8EquivalenceFunction
edu/stanford/nlp/util/Pointer.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.Pointer
edu/stanford/nlp/pipeline/CoreMapAttributeAggregator.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.CoreMapAttributeAggregator
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.CoreMapAttributeAggregator$1
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.CoreMapAttributeAggregator$2
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.CoreMapAttributeAggregator$3
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.CoreMapAttributeAggregator$4
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.CoreMapAttributeAggregator$5
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.CoreMapAttributeAggregator$6
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.CoreMapAttributeAggregator$7
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.CoreMapAttributeAggregator$8
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.CoreMapAttributeAggregator$ConcatAggregator
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.CoreMapAttributeAggregator$ConcatCoreMapListAggregator
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.CoreMapAttributeAggregator$ConcatListAggregator
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.CoreMapAttributeAggregator$ConcatTextAggregator
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.CoreMapAttributeAggregator$MostFreqAggregator
edu/stanford/nlp/ling/tokensregex/parser/Token.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.parser.Token
edu/stanford/nlp/io/FileSystem.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.io.FileSystem
edu/stanford/nlp/ling/tokensregex/MultiNodePattern.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.MultiNodePattern
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.MultiNodePattern$IntersectMultiNodePattern
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.MultiNodePattern$UnionMultiNodePattern
edu/stanford/nlp/optimization/package-info.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.optimization.package-info
edu/stanford/nlp/util/XMLUtils.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.XMLUtils
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.XMLUtils$SAXErrorHandler
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.XMLUtils$XMLTag
edu/stanford/nlp/ling/Labeled.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.Labeled
edu/stanford/nlp/maxent/Problem.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.maxent.Problem
edu/stanford/nlp/ling/tokensregex/CoreMapNodePatternTrigger.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.CoreMapNodePatternTrigger
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.CoreMapNodePatternTrigger$1
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.CoreMapNodePatternTrigger$StringTriggerCandidate
edu/stanford/nlp/sequences/MalletFeatureFactory.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.sequences.MalletFeatureFactory
edu/stanford/nlp/ling/tokensregex/matcher/ApproxMatch.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.matcher.ApproxMatch
edu/stanford/nlp/ling/tokensregex/CoreMapSequenceMatchAction.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.CoreMapSequenceMatchAction
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.CoreMapSequenceMatchAction$AnnotateAction
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.CoreMapSequenceMatchAction$MergeAction
edu/stanford/nlp/process/LexerTokenizer.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.process.LexerTokenizer
edu/stanford/nlp/ling/package-info.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.package-info
edu/stanford/nlp/ling/tokensregex/SequenceMatchRules.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.SequenceMatchRules
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.SequenceMatchRules$AnnotationExtractRule
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.SequenceMatchRules$AnnotationExtractRuleCreator
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.SequenceMatchRules$AnnotationMatchedFilter
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.SequenceMatchRules$AssignmentRule
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.SequenceMatchRules$BasicSequenceExtractRule
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.SequenceMatchRules$CompositeExtractRuleCreator
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.SequenceMatchRules$CoreMapExtractRule
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.SequenceMatchRules$CoreMapFunctionApplier
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.SequenceMatchRules$CoreMapToListExtractRule
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.SequenceMatchRules$CoreMapToListFunctionApplier
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.SequenceMatchRules$ExtractRule
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.SequenceMatchRules$FilterExtractRule
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.SequenceMatchRules$ListExtractRule
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.SequenceMatchRules$MultiSequencePatternExtractRule
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.SequenceMatchRules$MultiTokenPatternExtractRuleCreator
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.SequenceMatchRules$Rule
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.SequenceMatchRules$SequenceMatchResultExtractor
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.SequenceMatchRules$SequenceMatchedExpressionExtractor
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.SequenceMatchRules$SequencePatternExtractRule
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.SequenceMatchRules$StringMatchResultExtractor
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.SequenceMatchRules$StringMatchedExpressionExtractor
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.SequenceMatchRules$StringPatternExtractRule
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.SequenceMatchRules$TextPatternExtractRuleCreator
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.SequenceMatchRules$TokenPatternExtractRuleCreator
edu/stanford/nlp/optimization/StochasticDiffFunctionTester.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.optimization.StochasticDiffFunctionTester
edu/stanford/nlp/international/french/FrenchUnknownWordSignatures.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.international.french.FrenchUnknownWordSignatures
edu/stanford/nlp/pipeline/CoreNLPProtos.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.CoreNLPProtos
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.CoreNLPProtos$CorefChain
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.CoreNLPProtos$CorefChain$1
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.CoreNLPProtos$CorefChain$Builder
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.CoreNLPProtos$CorefChain$CorefMention
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.CoreNLPProtos$CorefChain$CorefMention$1
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.CoreNLPProtos$CorefChain$CorefMention$Builder
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.CoreNLPProtos$CorefChain$CorefMentionOrBuilder
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.CoreNLPProtos$CorefChainOrBuilder
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.CoreNLPProtos$DependencyGraph
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.CoreNLPProtos$DependencyGraph$1
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.CoreNLPProtos$DependencyGraph$Builder
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.CoreNLPProtos$DependencyGraph$Edge
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.CoreNLPProtos$DependencyGraph$Edge$1
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.CoreNLPProtos$DependencyGraph$Edge$Builder
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.CoreNLPProtos$DependencyGraph$EdgeOrBuilder
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.CoreNLPProtos$DependencyGraph$Node
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.CoreNLPProtos$DependencyGraph$Node$1
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.CoreNLPProtos$DependencyGraph$Node$Builder
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.CoreNLPProtos$DependencyGraph$NodeOrBuilder
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.CoreNLPProtos$DependencyGraphOrBuilder
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.CoreNLPProtos$Document
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.CoreNLPProtos$Document$1
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.CoreNLPProtos$Document$Builder
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.CoreNLPProtos$DocumentOrBuilder
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.CoreNLPProtos$Entity
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.CoreNLPProtos$Entity$1
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.CoreNLPProtos$Entity$Builder
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.CoreNLPProtos$EntityOrBuilder
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.CoreNLPProtos$IndexedWord
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.CoreNLPProtos$IndexedWord$1
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.CoreNLPProtos$IndexedWord$Builder
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.CoreNLPProtos$IndexedWordOrBuilder
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.CoreNLPProtos$Language
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.CoreNLPProtos$Language$1
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.CoreNLPProtos$MapIntString
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.CoreNLPProtos$MapIntString$1
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.CoreNLPProtos$MapIntString$Builder
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.CoreNLPProtos$MapIntStringOrBuilder
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.CoreNLPProtos$MapStringString
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.CoreNLPProtos$MapStringString$1
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.CoreNLPProtos$MapStringString$Builder
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.CoreNLPProtos$MapStringStringOrBuilder
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.CoreNLPProtos$Mention
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.CoreNLPProtos$Mention$1
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.CoreNLPProtos$Mention$Builder
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.CoreNLPProtos$MentionOrBuilder
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.CoreNLPProtos$NERMention
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.CoreNLPProtos$NERMention$1
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.CoreNLPProtos$NERMention$Builder
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.CoreNLPProtos$NERMentionOrBuilder
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.CoreNLPProtos$NaturalLogicRelation
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.CoreNLPProtos$NaturalLogicRelation$1
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.CoreNLPProtos$Operator
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.CoreNLPProtos$Operator$1
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.CoreNLPProtos$Operator$Builder
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.CoreNLPProtos$OperatorOrBuilder
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.CoreNLPProtos$ParseTree
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.CoreNLPProtos$ParseTree$1
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.CoreNLPProtos$ParseTree$Builder
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.CoreNLPProtos$ParseTreeOrBuilder
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.CoreNLPProtos$Polarity
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.CoreNLPProtos$Polarity$1
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.CoreNLPProtos$Polarity$Builder
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.CoreNLPProtos$PolarityOrBuilder
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.CoreNLPProtos$Quote
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.CoreNLPProtos$Quote$1
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.CoreNLPProtos$Quote$Builder
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.CoreNLPProtos$QuoteOrBuilder
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.CoreNLPProtos$Relation
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.CoreNLPProtos$Relation$1
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.CoreNLPProtos$Relation$Builder
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.CoreNLPProtos$RelationOrBuilder
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.CoreNLPProtos$RelationTriple
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.CoreNLPProtos$RelationTriple$1
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.CoreNLPProtos$RelationTriple$Builder
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.CoreNLPProtos$RelationTripleOrBuilder
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.CoreNLPProtos$Section
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.CoreNLPProtos$Section$1
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.CoreNLPProtos$Section$Builder
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.CoreNLPProtos$SectionOrBuilder
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.CoreNLPProtos$SemgrexRequest
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.CoreNLPProtos$SemgrexRequest$1
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.CoreNLPProtos$SemgrexRequest$Builder
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.CoreNLPProtos$SemgrexRequest$Dependencies
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.CoreNLPProtos$SemgrexRequest$Dependencies$1
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.CoreNLPProtos$SemgrexRequest$Dependencies$Builder
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.CoreNLPProtos$SemgrexRequest$DependenciesOrBuilder
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.CoreNLPProtos$SemgrexRequestOrBuilder
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.CoreNLPProtos$SemgrexResponse
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.CoreNLPProtos$SemgrexResponse$1
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.CoreNLPProtos$SemgrexResponse$Builder
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.CoreNLPProtos$SemgrexResponse$GraphResult
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.CoreNLPProtos$SemgrexResponse$GraphResult$1
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.CoreNLPProtos$SemgrexResponse$GraphResult$Builder
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.CoreNLPProtos$SemgrexResponse$GraphResultOrBuilder
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.CoreNLPProtos$SemgrexResponse$Match
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.CoreNLPProtos$SemgrexResponse$Match$1
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.CoreNLPProtos$SemgrexResponse$Match$Builder
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.CoreNLPProtos$SemgrexResponse$MatchOrBuilder
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.CoreNLPProtos$SemgrexResponse$NamedNode
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.CoreNLPProtos$SemgrexResponse$NamedNode$1
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.CoreNLPProtos$SemgrexResponse$NamedNode$Builder
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.CoreNLPProtos$SemgrexResponse$NamedNodeOrBuilder
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.CoreNLPProtos$SemgrexResponse$NamedRelation
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.CoreNLPProtos$SemgrexResponse$NamedRelation$1
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.CoreNLPProtos$SemgrexResponse$NamedRelation$Builder
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.CoreNLPProtos$SemgrexResponse$NamedRelationOrBuilder
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.CoreNLPProtos$SemgrexResponse$SemgrexResult
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.CoreNLPProtos$SemgrexResponse$SemgrexResult$1
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.CoreNLPProtos$SemgrexResponse$SemgrexResult$Builder
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.CoreNLPProtos$SemgrexResponse$SemgrexResultOrBuilder
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.CoreNLPProtos$SemgrexResponseOrBuilder
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.CoreNLPProtos$Sentence
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.CoreNLPProtos$Sentence$1
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.CoreNLPProtos$Sentence$Builder
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.CoreNLPProtos$SentenceFragment
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.CoreNLPProtos$SentenceFragment$1
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.CoreNLPProtos$SentenceFragment$Builder
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.CoreNLPProtos$SentenceFragmentOrBuilder
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.CoreNLPProtos$SentenceOrBuilder
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.CoreNLPProtos$Sentiment
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.CoreNLPProtos$Sentiment$1
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.CoreNLPProtos$Span
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.CoreNLPProtos$Span$1
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.CoreNLPProtos$Span$Builder
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.CoreNLPProtos$SpanOrBuilder
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.CoreNLPProtos$SpeakerInfo
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.CoreNLPProtos$SpeakerInfo$1
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.CoreNLPProtos$SpeakerInfo$Builder
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.CoreNLPProtos$SpeakerInfoOrBuilder
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.CoreNLPProtos$Timex
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.CoreNLPProtos$Timex$1
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.CoreNLPProtos$Timex$Builder
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.CoreNLPProtos$TimexOrBuilder
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.CoreNLPProtos$Token
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.CoreNLPProtos$Token$1
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.CoreNLPProtos$Token$Builder
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.CoreNLPProtos$TokenLocation
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.CoreNLPProtos$TokenLocation$1
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.CoreNLPProtos$TokenLocation$Builder
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.CoreNLPProtos$TokenLocationOrBuilder
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.CoreNLPProtos$TokenOrBuilder
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.CoreNLPProtos$TokensRegexRequest
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.CoreNLPProtos$TokensRegexRequest$1
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.CoreNLPProtos$TokensRegexRequest$Builder
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.CoreNLPProtos$TokensRegexRequestOrBuilder
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.CoreNLPProtos$TokensRegexResponse
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.CoreNLPProtos$TokensRegexResponse$1
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.CoreNLPProtos$TokensRegexResponse$Builder
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.CoreNLPProtos$TokensRegexResponse$Match
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.CoreNLPProtos$TokensRegexResponse$Match$1
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.CoreNLPProtos$TokensRegexResponse$Match$Builder
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.CoreNLPProtos$TokensRegexResponse$MatchLocation
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.CoreNLPProtos$TokensRegexResponse$MatchLocation$1
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.CoreNLPProtos$TokensRegexResponse$MatchLocation$Builder
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.CoreNLPProtos$TokensRegexResponse$MatchLocationOrBuilder
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.CoreNLPProtos$TokensRegexResponse$MatchOrBuilder
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.CoreNLPProtos$TokensRegexResponse$PatternMatch
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.CoreNLPProtos$TokensRegexResponse$PatternMatch$1
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.CoreNLPProtos$TokensRegexResponse$PatternMatch$Builder
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.CoreNLPProtos$TokensRegexResponse$PatternMatchOrBuilder
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.CoreNLPProtos$TokensRegexResponseOrBuilder
edu/stanford/nlp/ling/tokensregex/demo/TokensRegexAnnotatorDemo.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.demo.TokensRegexAnnotatorDemo
edu/stanford/nlp/optimization/InefficientSGDMinimizer.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.optimization.InefficientSGDMinimizer
 edu.stanford.nlp.optimization.InefficientSGDMinimizer$1
edu/stanford/nlp/util/CollectionUtils.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.CollectionUtils
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.CollectionUtils$1
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.CollectionUtils$2
edu/stanford/nlp/stats/ConjugatePrior.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.stats.ConjugatePrior
edu/stanford/nlp/optimization/DiffFloatFunction.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.optimization.DiffFloatFunction
edu/stanford/nlp/tagger/io/TaggedFileRecord.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.tagger.io.TaggedFileRecord
 edu.stanford.nlp.tagger.io.TaggedFileRecord$1
 edu.stanford.nlp.tagger.io.TaggedFileRecord$Format
edu/stanford/nlp/tagger/maxent/TaggerConfig.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.tagger.maxent.TaggerConfig
 edu.stanford.nlp.tagger.maxent.TaggerConfig$Mode
edu/stanford/nlp/io/BZip2PipedOutputStream.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.io.BZip2PipedOutputStream
edu/stanford/nlp/io/NullOutputStream.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.io.NullOutputStream
edu/stanford/nlp/util/StringParsingTask.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.StringParsingTask
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.StringParsingTask$ParserException
edu/stanford/nlp/util/UnorderedPair.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.UnorderedPair
edu/stanford/nlp/ling/tokensregex/MultiWordStringMatcher.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.MultiWordStringMatcher
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.MultiWordStringMatcher$1
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.MultiWordStringMatcher$LongestStringComparator
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.MultiWordStringMatcher$MatchType
edu/stanford/nlp/process/DocumentProcessor.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.process.DocumentProcessor
edu/stanford/nlp/util/ArraySet.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.ArraySet
edu/stanford/nlp/sequences/TrueCasingForNISTDocumentReaderAndWriter.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.sequences.TrueCasingForNISTDocumentReaderAndWriter
 edu.stanford.nlp.sequences.TrueCasingForNISTDocumentReaderAndWriter$LineToTrueCasesParser
edu/stanford/nlp/util/Iterables.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.Iterables
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.Iterables$1
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.Iterables$10
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.Iterables$10$1
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.Iterables$10$1$1
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.Iterables$11
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.Iterables$2
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.Iterables$2$1
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.Iterables$3
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.Iterables$4
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.Iterables$4$1
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.Iterables$5
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.Iterables$5$1
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.Iterables$6
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.Iterables$6$1
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.Iterables$7
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.Iterables$8
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.Iterables$8$1
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.Iterables$9
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.Iterables$IncrementComparator
edu/stanford/nlp/sequences/LibSVMReaderAndWriter.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.sequences.LibSVMReaderAndWriter
 edu.stanford.nlp.sequences.LibSVMReaderAndWriter$ColumnDocParser
edu/stanford/nlp/tagger/io/TaggedFileReader.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.tagger.io.TaggedFileReader
edu/stanford/nlp/stats/DirichletProcess.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.stats.DirichletProcess
edu/stanford/nlp/pipeline/SerializedAnnotationCreator.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.SerializedAnnotationCreator
edu/stanford/nlp/ling/Document.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.Document
edu/stanford/nlp/util/AcronymMatcher.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.AcronymMatcher
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.AcronymMatcher$1
edu/stanford/nlp/util/StreamGobbler.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.StreamGobbler
edu/stanford/nlp/process/CoreLabelTokenFactory.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.process.CoreLabelTokenFactory
edu/stanford/nlp/ling/tokensregex/demo/MyAnnotations.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.demo.MyAnnotations
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.demo.MyAnnotations$MyTokensAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.demo.MyAnnotations$MyTypeAnnotation
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.demo.MyAnnotations$MyValueAnnotation
edu/stanford/nlp/ling/HasOffset.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.HasOffset
edu/stanford/nlp/pipeline/GenderAnnotator.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.GenderAnnotator
edu/stanford/nlp/util/FilteredIterator.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.FilteredIterator
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.FilteredIterator$1
edu/stanford/nlp/math/package-info.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.math.package-info
edu/stanford/nlp/international/french/FrenchMorphoFeatureSpecification.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.international.french.FrenchMorphoFeatureSpecification
edu/stanford/nlp/util/Heap.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.Heap
edu/stanford/nlp/util/ArrayCoreMap.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.ArrayCoreMap
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.ArrayCoreMap$1
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.ArrayCoreMap$1$1
edu/stanford/nlp/sequences/SequenceListener.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.sequences.SequenceListener
edu/stanford/nlp/ling/tokensregex/parser/TokenSequenceParseException.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.parser.TokenSequenceParseException
edu/stanford/nlp/optimization/CGMinimizer.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.optimization.CGMinimizer
 edu.stanford.nlp.optimization.CGMinimizer$OneDimDiffFunction
 edu.stanford.nlp.optimization.CGMinimizer$Triple
edu/stanford/nlp/objectbank/IdentityFunction.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.objectbank.IdentityFunction
edu/stanford/nlp/util/logging/RedwoodPrintStream.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.logging.RedwoodPrintStream
edu/stanford/nlp/util/logging/LogRecordHandler.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.logging.LogRecordHandler
edu/stanford/nlp/pipeline/Annotator.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.Annotator
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.Annotator$1
edu/stanford/nlp/optimization/ResultStoringMonitor.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.optimization.ResultStoringMonitor
edu/stanford/nlp/util/IdentityHashSet.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.IdentityHashSet
edu/stanford/nlp/util/concurrent/ConcurrentHashCounter.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.concurrent.ConcurrentHashCounter
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.concurrent.ConcurrentHashCounter$1
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.concurrent.ConcurrentHashCounter$2
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.concurrent.ConcurrentHashCounter$2$1
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.concurrent.ConcurrentHashCounter$3
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.concurrent.ConcurrentHashCounter$3$1
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.concurrent.ConcurrentHashCounter$3$1$1
edu/stanford/nlp/pipeline/TokenizerAnnotator.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.TokenizerAnnotator
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.TokenizerAnnotator$1
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.TokenizerAnnotator$TokenizerType
edu/stanford/nlp/sequences/BestSequenceFinder.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.sequences.BestSequenceFinder
edu/stanford/nlp/util/logging/Style.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.logging.Style
edu/stanford/nlp/ling/WordFactory.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.WordFactory
edu/stanford/nlp/math/SloppyMath.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.math.SloppyMath
edu/stanford/nlp/ling/Datum.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.Datum
edu/stanford/nlp/util/DeltaIndex.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.DeltaIndex
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.DeltaIndex$1
edu/stanford/nlp/util/RegexStringFilter.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.RegexStringFilter
edu/stanford/nlp/util/Trilean.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.Trilean
edu/stanford/nlp/stats/IntCounter.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.stats.IntCounter
 edu.stanford.nlp.stats.IntCounter$1
 edu.stanford.nlp.stats.IntCounter$1$1
 edu.stanford.nlp.stats.IntCounter$1$1$1
 edu.stanford.nlp.stats.IntCounter$2
 edu.stanford.nlp.stats.IntCounter$3
 edu.stanford.nlp.stats.IntCounter$3$1
 edu.stanford.nlp.stats.IntCounter$NaturalComparator
edu/stanford/nlp/util/IntTuple.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.IntTuple
edu/stanford/nlp/process/Stemmer.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.process.Stemmer
edu/stanford/nlp/ling/AbstractCoreLabel.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.AbstractCoreLabel
edu/stanford/nlp/io/StringOutputStream.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.io.StringOutputStream
edu/stanford/nlp/tagger/maxent/History.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.tagger.maxent.History
edu/stanford/nlp/process/TokenizerFactory.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.process.TokenizerFactory
edu/stanford/nlp/sequences/ColumnTabDocumentReaderWriter.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.sequences.ColumnTabDocumentReaderWriter
 edu.stanford.nlp.sequences.ColumnTabDocumentReaderWriter$BufferedReaderIterator
 edu.stanford.nlp.sequences.ColumnTabDocumentReaderWriter$ColumnDocBufferedGetNext
 edu.stanford.nlp.sequences.ColumnTabDocumentReaderWriter$ColumnDocBufferedGetNextTokens
 edu.stanford.nlp.sequences.ColumnTabDocumentReaderWriter$GetNextFunction
edu/stanford/nlp/util/TypesafeMap.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.TypesafeMap
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.TypesafeMap$Key
edu/stanford/nlp/util/DataFilePaths.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.DataFilePaths
edu/stanford/nlp/international/spanish/process/SpanishLexer.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.international.spanish.process.SpanishLexer
 edu.stanford.nlp.international.spanish.process.SpanishLexer$1
 edu.stanford.nlp.international.spanish.process.SpanishLexer$UntokenizableOptions
edu/stanford/nlp/ling/WordTagFactory.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.WordTagFactory
edu/stanford/nlp/stats/AbstractCounter.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.stats.AbstractCounter
edu/stanford/nlp/tagger/maxent/MaxentTaggerGUI.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.tagger.maxent.MaxentTaggerGUI
 edu.stanford.nlp.tagger.maxent.MaxentTaggerGUI$1
 edu.stanford.nlp.tagger.maxent.MaxentTaggerGUI$2
 edu.stanford.nlp.tagger.maxent.MaxentTaggerGUI$3
edu/stanford/nlp/optimization/ResultStoringFloatMonitor.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.optimization.ResultStoringFloatMonitor
edu/stanford/nlp/util/PropertiesUtils.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.PropertiesUtils
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.PropertiesUtils$Property
edu/stanford/nlp/io/ui/package-info.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.io.ui.package-info
edu/stanford/nlp/process/CoreLabelProcessor.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.process.CoreLabelProcessor
edu/stanford/nlp/tagger/maxent/DictionaryExtractor.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.tagger.maxent.DictionaryExtractor
edu/stanford/nlp/util/PaddedList.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.PaddedList
edu/stanford/nlp/util/ArrayUtils.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.ArrayUtils
edu/stanford/nlp/tagger/util/CountClosedTags.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.tagger.util.CountClosedTags
edu/stanford/nlp/io/IOUtils.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.io.IOUtils
 edu.stanford.nlp.io.IOUtils$1
 edu.stanford.nlp.io.IOUtils$1$1
 edu.stanford.nlp.io.IOUtils$2
 edu.stanford.nlp.io.IOUtils$EolPreservingLineReaderIterable
 edu.stanford.nlp.io.IOUtils$EolPreservingLineReaderIterable$1
 edu.stanford.nlp.io.IOUtils$GetLinesIterable
 edu.stanford.nlp.io.IOUtils$GetLinesIterable$1
 edu.stanford.nlp.io.IOUtils$LineReaderIterable
 edu.stanford.nlp.io.IOUtils$LineReaderIterable$1
edu/stanford/nlp/sequences/BeamBestSequenceFinder.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.sequences.BeamBestSequenceFinder
 edu.stanford.nlp.sequences.BeamBestSequenceFinder$TagSeq
 edu.stanford.nlp.sequences.BeamBestSequenceFinder$TagSeq$TagList
edu/stanford/nlp/sequences/FactoredSequenceListener.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.sequences.FactoredSequenceListener
edu/stanford/nlp/stats/SimpleGoodTuring.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.stats.SimpleGoodTuring
edu/stanford/nlp/pipeline/CoNLLOutputter.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.CoNLLOutputter
edu/stanford/nlp/util/ByteStreamGobbler.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.ByteStreamGobbler
edu/stanford/nlp/ling/tokensregex/CoreMapExpressionNodePattern.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.ling.tokensregex.CoreMapExpressionNodePattern
edu/stanford/nlp/process/JFlexDummyLexer.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.process.JFlexDummyLexer
edu/stanford/nlp/util/TwoDimensionalCollectionValuedMap.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.TwoDimensionalCollectionValuedMap
edu/stanford/nlp/util/ConcatenationIterator.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.util.ConcatenationIterator
edu/stanford/nlp/international/morph/MorphoFeatures.java
 edu.stanford.nlp.international.morph.MorphoFeatures
